# Robot Simulator

Write a robot simulator.

A robot factory's test facility needs a program to verify robot movements.

The robots have three possible movements:

- turn right
- turn left
- advance

Robots are placed on a hypothetical infinite grid, facing a particular
direction (north, east, south, or west) at a set of {x,y} coordinates,
e.g., {3,8}, with coordinates increasing to the north and east.

The robot then receives a number of instructions, at which point the
testing facility verifies the robot's new position, and in which
direction it is pointing.

- The letter-string "RAALAL" means:
  - Turn right
  - Advance twice
  - Turn left
  - Advance once
  - Turn left yet again
- Say a robot starts at {7, 3} facing north. Then running this stream
  of instructions should leave it at {9, 4} facing west.

## Setup

Check out [Installing Common
Lisp](https://exercism.io/tracks/common-lisp/installation) for
instructions to get started or take a look at the guides available in
the [track's side bar](https://exercism.io/my/tracks/common-lisp).

## Formatting

While Common Lisp doesn't care about indentation and layout of code,
nor whether you use spaces or tabs, this is an important consideration
for submissions to exercism.io. Excercism.io's code widget cannot
handle mixing of tab and space characters well so using only spaces is recommended to make
the code more readable to the human reviewers. Please review your
editors settings on how to accomplish this. Below are instructions for
popular editors for Common Lisp.

### VIM

Use the following commands to ensure VIM uses only spaces for
indentation:

```vimscript
:set tabstop=2
:set shiftwidth=2
:set expandtab
```

(or as a oneliner `:set tabstop=2 shiftwidth=2 expandtab`). This can
be added to your `~/.vimrc` file to use it all the time.

### Emacs

Emacs is very well suited for editing Common Lisp and has many
powerful add-on packages available. The only thing that one needs to
do with a stock emacs to make it work well with exercism.io is to
evaluate the following code:

`(setq-default indent-tabs-mode nil)`

This can be placed in your `~/.emacs` (or `~/.emacs.d/init.el`) in
order to have it set whenever Emacs is launched.

One suggested add-on for Emacs and Common Lisp is
[SLIME](https://github.com/slime/slime) which offers tight integration
with the REPL; making iterative coding and testing very easy.

## Source

Inspired by an interview question at a famous company.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
